CLOSE TO THE VEST. SO THEY OFTEN DON’T SHOW MORE OF
SO THEY OFTEN DON’T SHOW MORE OF THEIR HAND UNTIL THEY’RE READY
THEIR HAND UNTIL THEY’RE READY TO ACTUALLY SENTENCE THEM.
TO ACTUALLY SENTENCE THEM. >> PETER BAKER, YOU MENTIONED
>> PETER BAKER, YOU MENTIONED SPEAKER PELOSI.
SPEAKER PELOSI. WHAT ARE THE ODDS THAT THE
WHAT ARE THE ODDS THAT THE COMMENTS SHE MADE ABOUT
COMMENTS SHE MADE ABOUT IMPEACHMENT WAS A CANDID, OFF
IMPEACHMENT WAS A CANDID, OFF THE CUFF MOMENT THAT SHE
THE CUFF MOMENT THAT SHE ANNOUNCED AS NEWS TO THE
ANNOUNCED AS NEWS TO THE JOURNALIST SITTING ACROSS FROM
JOURNALIST SITTING ACROSS FROM HER?
HER? AND WHAT ARE THE ODDS THAT WAS A
AND WHAT ARE THE ODDS THAT WAS A CAREFULLY CRAFTED, CAREFULLY
CAREFULLY CRAFTED, CAREFULLY CURATED QUOTE THAT WAS SURE TO
CURATED QUOTE THAT WAS SURE TO END ON HE’S JUST NOT WORTH IT?
END ON HE’S JUST NOT WORTH IT? >> SHE HAS BEEN SAYING SOMETHING
>> SHE HAS BEEN SAYING SOMETHING SIMILAR THAT SHE IS NOT EAGER TO
SIMILAR THAT SHE IS NOT EAGER TO PURSUE IMPEACHMENT AND
PURSUE IMPEACHMENT AND RECOGNIZES HOW DIVISIVE IT IS
RECOGNIZES HOW DIVISIVE IT IS FOR THE COUNTRY.
FOR THE COUNTRY. THAT ISN’T HER PRIORITY AT THE
THAT ISN’T HER PRIORITY AT THE MOMENT.
MOMENT. HER PRIORITY IS ISSUES FOR
HER PRIORITY IS ISSUES FOR AMERICAN PEOPLE LIKE VOTING
AMERICAN PEOPLE LIKE VOTING RIGHTS AND GUN CONTROL AND SO
RIGHTS AND GUN CONTROL AND SO FORTH.
FORTH. BUT THIS QUOTE DID SEEM TO TAKE
BUT THIS QUOTE DID SEEM TO TAKE IT FURTHER AND DID SEEM LIKE SHE
IT FURTHER AND DID SEEM LIKE SHE INTENDED IT TO BE NEWS AND
INTENDED IT TO BE NEWS AND INTENDED IT TO BE A MORE
INTENDED IT TO BE A MORE DEFINITIVE CLOSING OF THE DOOR
DEFINITIVE CLOSING OF THE DOOR BY SAYING I AM GIVING YOU NEWS I
BY SAYING I AM GIVING YOU NEWS I HAVEN’T GIVEN TO OTHERS BEFORE.
HAVEN’T GIVEN TO OTHERS BEFORE. NOW, SHE LEFT HERSELF A BIG
NOW, SHE LEFT HERSELF A BIG GIANT HOLE THERE TO GET THROUGH
GIANT HOLE THERE TO GET THROUGH IF ROBERT MUELLER COMES BACK
IF ROBERT MUELLER COMES BACK WITH SOMETHING THAT IS SO
WITH SOMETHING THAT IS SO DAMMING AND PERSUASIVE THAT IT
DAMMING AND PERSUASIVE THAT IT FORCES A CHANGE OF THINKING.
FORCES A CHANGE OF THINKING. SHE SAYS IF IT IS OVERWHELMING,
SHE SAYS IF IT IS OVERWHELMING, COMPELLING AND BIPARTISAN SHE
COMPELLING AND BIPARTISAN SHE WOULD CONSIDER IT.
WOULD CONSIDER IT. THAT IN EFFECT IS JUST A PRETTY
THAT IN EFFECT IS JUST A PRETTY REALISTIC LAY OF THE LAND
REALISTIC LAY OF THE LAND ANALYSIS AT THIS POINT.
ANALYSIS AT THIS POINT. THE NUMBER TO REMEMBER IS 20.
THE NUMBER TO REMEMBER IS 20. UNLESS YOU CAN CONVINCE 20
UNLESS YOU CAN CONVINCE 20 REPUBLICAN SENATORS THE
REPUBLICAN SENATORS THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES
PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES OUGHT TO BE THROWN OUT OF
OUGHT TO BE THROWN OUT OF OFFICE.
OFFICE. YOU WILL NOT HAVE A SUCCESSFUL
YOU WILL NOT HAVE A SUCCESSFUL IMPEACHMENT TRIAL IN THE SENATE.
IMPEACHMENT TRIAL IN THE SENATE. THERE IS NO POINT IN HER MIND
THERE IS NO POINT IN HER MIND GOING FORWARD UNLESS REPUBLICANS